[Rebecca] What do you think about
being our personal bodyguard for a while?
[Shiki] Why do you need that?
-[blast]
-[groans]
Help me! Let me out!
[grunts]
-Take this!
-[rapid gunfire]
[blasts]
Nipapapapapapa!
[Rebecca] Your Gatling gun is pretty fast.
-But my Happy blaster is even faster!
-[groaning]
[thud]
Don't worry. These are Ether bullets.
They're not gonna kill you,
but I can't promise they won't sting.
Now that I think about it,
you probably don't need a bodyguard.
[upbeat music playing]
[whistling down]
[shrieking]
A bug! [screaming] Oh, oh, oh God!
-[Shiki continues shrieking]
-[body thuds]
Gimme a break.
-[ding]
-I can understand being afraid of bugs,
but passing out just because a spider
landed on you is being a little dramatic.
I hate all bugs, even the itty-bitty ones.
Don't be silly, spiders aren't bugs,
they're arthropods.
Are you sure you have
what it takes to be an Adventurer?
Of course I do!
Unless I have to sleep with bugs,
take a hot bath with bugs,
or even worse, having to put bugs
in my underwear for the rest of my life!
[Rebecca] I don't want to do
any of that stuff either.
Wait, who said you have to do any of this?
Don't worry, anyone can become
an Adventurer as long as they register.
Oh, man. Thank goodness.
-[girl] Rebecca! Happy!
-Huh?
[chuckling]
I'm glad you're both safe.
["Eden Through the Roof"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
ADVENTURERS
-[girl] Welcome back!
-[giggles]
[Rebecca] Clarisse!
-It's good to be back!
-Sure is!
[Clarisse] So, how was Granbell?
-Well, it was more than I bargained for.
-Hmm?
Mm-hmm!
[Clarisse] I knew no one had been
to that planet in over a hundred years.
So I was worried sick about you, too!
[crying loudly]
I'm really glad you're safe!
Come on, don't be so dramatic.
Hmm.
Nice to meet you.
-You're a woman, right?
-Uh…
[Rebecca] This is Clarisse.
She's a receptionist at the guild.
Ni-nice to meet you.
Who is he?
His name is Shiki.
I met him back on Granbell.
-He's a…
-Let's just say he's a bit of a drifter.
Yeah, I'm a drifter!
-[Clarisse whimpers]
-Huh?
[sobbing] I'm so happy!
I'm so happy you met Rebecca!
[Shiki] Uh, yeah.
Hey, so, he doesn't have
any kind of ID but,
can we still register him
as an Adventurer?
Why, of course we can!
I mean, we don't have
any documentation for you either, Rebecca.
All right. [giggles]
[playful music]
[man] Look, our favorite hero
came back to visit us!
You're right. It's the guy
who says he's met Mother before.
You really got to learn
to keep your mouth shut.
Now that I'm looking at her,
she looks really familiar.
Like I've seen her before.
By the way, what made you think
you met Mother before?
I told you,
it's just a gut feeling is all.
[man 3] When are you gonna
get it through your thick skull?
No one knows where she is.
So there's no way that
you could've met her anywhere.
And aren't you the guy that passed out
over a single spider earlier?
Two words for you, kid: Fat chance!
[guys laughing]
Let's get out of here.
[Labilia]
My, my, what's all this dreadful noise?
[footsteps approaching]
[twinkling]
[music sting]
Oh, it's just Rebecca,
the B-Cuber who can't get any viewers.
And Hoppy, her little robotic trash cat.
-Labilia.
-Wait a sec. My name isn't Hoppy!
-Whoa, it's Labilia!
-It's really her!
-No way! She's in this guild, too?
-[man] I always watch your videos!
Can I please, have your autograph?
-Sure, for a small fee.
-[gasps]
-Of 100,000 glees.
[scribbling]
And make sure to send
the payment to my channel.
[gasps]
-It's perfect!
-Let me see!
[fan 1] Labilia in its purest form!
[fan 2] It belongs in a museum!
Hmm?
[Labilia] Can I tell you a secret?
What is it?
Between you and me,
your videos are getting more boring.
Don't you think it's time
to give up on being a B-Cuber?
We're just getting started!
Who's this lady?
That's Labilia Christy.
She's a pretty popular B-Cuber
and a total jerk with no manners!
I'm going to disagree with one of those.
I'm actually
the most popular B-Cuber
on the entire platform!
There's no one in the Sakura Cosmos
who doesn't know how fabulous I am!
-Really? I never heard of you.
-[suppressed laughter]
[annoyed grunt]
[sighs] Well, that's okay.
After all,
you are one of Rebecca's friends.
So, you're probably stupid.
But don't mind me,
I actually need you to keep mass-producing
those horrible boring videos of yours.
That way, the videos I make
can stand out even more.
I'm sorry,
maybe that was a little too harsh.
I actually enjoy your videos.
They're so boring,
it's almost refreshing to watch!
-[Labilia laughs mockingly]
-[grunts] She's the worst!
[Labilia sighs] Later, besties!
Huh?
-[Shiki] Hey.
-[gasps]
Excuse you.
If you want to shake my hand,
that'll be ten 10,000 glees.
[yelps]
What are you doing?
Put me down, you maniac!
-What? She's floating?
-Shiki!
[Labilia whimpering]
You went in and made my friend cry.
[fan 1] Whoa, even when she's floating,
Labilia is so pretty!
[fan 2] Please, marry me!
-[gasps, yells]
-[Rebecca] Let's go!
[grunts]
B-- But she made you cry!
[Rebecca] Doesn't matter!
That little idiot! He…
He said he was Rebecca's friend?
[Labilia] Mark my words.
This kind of stuff
is perfect for a new video!
-[fan 1] She's so strong!
-[fan 2] You're amazing, Labilia!
-Pun! Pun!
-[Rebecca] Here it comes!
The cureberry chicken here is super yummy.
[Nikolaus mumbling]
[Nikolaus mumbles]
-[gasps]
-[Nikolaus mumble happily]
[humming]
What are those things?
Oh. They're Nikolaus.
[Rebecca]
It's a pretty common species around here.
[breathing shakily]
[Rebecca] You're still
not used to them, are you, Happy?
It's just…
I've never been very good with dogs.
What?! Those are dogs?!
Space is awesome.
[Rebecca] All right. Dig in, Shiki!
[Shiki] Uh… okay.
You know? The guild's pretty different
from what I was imagining.
What did you think it would be like?
I thought it'd be more like
a place where everyone is family.
I guess I was hoping
I could make some more friends.
A long time ago,
there was a show I watched just like that.
Oh, yeah!
[Rebecca] I don't know much
about the other members,
but I'm happy I met Clarisse.
She's a good person.
And I know they call that place a guild,
but most people there
only join to find more work.
Oh.
But that's okay.
We don't need those guys anyway.
So instead, let's go on our own adventure.
We can go anywhere in the universe?
-[ringing]
-Huh?
Here it is! I went ahead
and registered you online.
[Rebecca] This is your Adventurer card!
Whoa!
[beeping]
Awesome! My face is even on the card!
It's actually a type of Ether power.
Yeah, but it's not nearly as powerful
as the amazing Ether Gear you have.
I can't believe it!
It's my very own Adventurer card!
He's not listening.
[Rebecca]
You said you didn't know your last name,
so I just went ahead
and used the planet you're from.
"Shiki Granbell."
That's my new name!
Huh? It' says "Class E."
What does that mean?
That's what Adventurer rank you are.
"E" is the lowest one you can get.
But don't worry. We're E-rankers, too.
It's because we never went out and just
spent all our time playing video games.
[customer 1]
Labilia just uploaded a new video!
[both] Huh?
[customer 2] She's such a cutie!
[Shiki] Hey, it's the girl from earlier.
I hate to admit it, but Labilia's videos
are much better than ours.
[Happy]
And she has a lot more followers than us.
She does put a lot of effort
into all her videos.
I've got to give her credit for that.
[grunts]
[Shiki chuckles]
What is it?
You wanna make better videos than her?
I've got the perfect idea!
[both] Huh?!
We are gonna go and find Mother!
[both gasp]
[Rebecca] Are you serious?
Come on!
No one's seen her in ages,
so we should be the first ones to do it!
[Shiki] We could make videos
about our journey to find her,
and making our wishes come true!
I also want to figure out why I feel
like I've met her somewhere before.
And then, I'll be able to prove it
to those guys in the guild!
[Rebecca] That's a pretty crazy idea.
-[Happy] Yeah.
-[Rebecca] Trying to find Mother…
That…
could be the best video ever!
Totally!
Finding Mother will be
our very first adventure!
And maybe make some friends.
-[Rebecca] Wait a minute.
-Hmm?
Mother is outside
the Sakura Cosmos, right?
My ship can't get there.
Our ship would fall apart
if we try doing that.
So we can't go?!
We can!
All we gotta do
is find a ship that can get us there!
Perfect!
Once we get our hands on a new ship,
nothing can stop us from finding Mother!
-That's right!
-Onward!
[Shiki] Now all we gotta do
is get our companions!
We'll need a warrior,
a healer and a magician!
He's living in a fantasy world.
Totally hopeless.
Well? Where do we get
companions and a new ship?
[Rebecca] I know just the place
to get both of those things!
[Shiki] Really?!
Professor Weisz can help us.
He's the one who fixed Happy.
A professor?!
Do you think he'll be my friend?
The professor's super nice
so I'm sure he would.
I don't think he's home right now
but that's okay.
Let's make a new friend
and get a better ship!
-[Shiki! Yeah!
-[Happy] Yippee!
-[man 1] Here comes trouble.
-[man 2] Oh, what's wrong?
[man 3] It's a space pirate!
-[man 4] It's Elsie and her gang!
-[man 5] How did they enter the port?
[man 6] She's scary.
[man 7] What 's she doing on this planet?
-[whimpering softly]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Adventurers leave running]
-[gasps]
You. Have you seen this individual?
[whimpers]
[gasps]
-[subordinate] Hey!
-[shrieks]
She asked a question. Answer it.
-[whimpering] I…
-[subordinate] Out with it.
[gasps, whimpers]
I don't know!
[man] I know who he is.
What are you doing?!
He was here earlier.
He mentioned something
about going to the planet Norma.
[Shiki] Let's go!
Mother, here we come!
Our first big journey.
I hope the professor's doing well.
Norma…
Princess?
Why there, I wonder?
That planet is already dead.
This is usually the ship's guest room,
but it's all yours now.
You mean we're not sleeping
in the same room together?
Are you out of your mind?!
[Shiki] So, if we're both here,
then who's driving the ship right now?
[Happy]
The Aqua Wing can fly without a pilot.
Hey! Can I try taking it out
for a spin or something?
-You wanna fly it?
-Yeah, why not?
Wait, have you even piloted
a spacecraft before?
Nope. Not even once.
At least he's honest!
Well, if you've never
really flown a ship before,
I guess you could just
hold the control stick.
[Rebecca and Happy chuckle]
Huh?
-[clap echoes]
-We could even make a video about it!
"Newb tries flying a spaceship"
and it's not clickbait!
-Oh my gosh, it's perfect!
-[both giggle]
[Shiki] I think I'm starting to understand
why no one likes your videos.
[ship engine rumbles]
[Shiki] Is that the planet Norma?
-That's the one.
-Nice. Now hop up so I can fly us in.
What do you mean? I just started.
And all I got to do the whole time
is hold the control stick.
I bet you I can land it if you let me try.
I'll have you know,
landing a spaceship takes a lot more
than sitting in a chair
and holding a control stick!
-[Shiki] I know that!
-[Rebecca] Then let's switch.
"Cocky newb tries landing a spaceship
for the first time in his life."
-That'll be an awesome video!
-[giggles]
Yeah!
Okay, all you gotta do
is keep the control stick horizontal
and then press the buttons on the side
one by one, starting with--
[shrieks]
I said one by one, you idiot!
It's faster if I mash
all the buttons at the same time!
[alarm blaring]
[Shiki] Nice!
Does that mean we're ready to land?
[Rebecca] No, that's the alarm!
[Happy] Never underestimate a newb!
[Shiki] Whoa-whoo!
A spaceship's supposed to be this fast
when you try landing it then?
[laughing]
[Rebecca] We're not landing at this speed!
-[Happy] We're crashing!
-[Shiki] Huh?!
[intense music playing]
[Shiki] What's that thing?!
[Rebecca] Dodge it! Dodge it!
[Rebecca screams]
I told you to dodge it,
not fly directly into it!
I know, but I wanna get a good look at it.
[Rebecca, screaming] What?!
[screaming]
[Shiki] Ha-ha!
Not too shabby, huh?
Watch out, it's right in front of us!
Huh?
[screaming]
-[loud thud]
-[all groaning]
[rumbling]
[screaming]
[loud crash]
What the hell is wrong with you?!
You crashed my spaceship!
[laughing] It'll be a good video, though!
Yeah, it will!
Hey, don't change the subject!
Guys, what about the ship?
[crackling]
[Shiki grunts]
[screaming]
[crash]
[parts clattering]
[sighs]
I had no idea that Ether Gear
can make even objects lighter.
Oh, yeah. Totally.
In fact, I can make you lighter, too.
I am not an object!
-[beeping]
-[Shiki] What's that?
Huh?
-[Rebecca] It's a safety measure.
-[clicks]
The weather on the planet Norma
has always been pretty crazy,
-so I set this alarm.
-What do you mean "crazy"?
-[wind blowing]
-[Rebecca] Take a look.
[loud rumbling]
[grunts]
[Shiki] Wait a sec! What's going on?!
Rocks are falling from the sky!
It's pretty remarkable, isn't it?
Those are all earth Ether crystals.
-[rumbling]
-[Shiki] They're not just rocks?
[Rebecca] Not quite.
This planet has a lot of earth Ether.
The earth element Ether
in the atmosphere, crystalizes in the sky
-and falls to the ground.
-[Shiki gasps]
[Rebecca] After they fall, they eventually
become part of the earth again.
It's almost like one big cycle.
See how that crystal over there
is much shorter than the others?
It probably fell a long time ago.
Earth crystals, Ether, yeah, I get it.
Wait, just what the hell is Ether?!
How do you have Ether Gear
and still not know what Ether is?!
It's basically the source of all power.
Ether flows through humans, atmosphere,
and even all machines like me.
[Happy] But if that's too complicated,
just think of it as magic.
Magic.
That's what the Happy blasters use too.
They're able to fire
special Ether bullets.
[machinery whirring]
[epic music playing]
[rapid gunfire]
That means everyone
has Ether flowing through them.
Including even you, Shiki.
Including me?
[Rebecca] But Ether Gear is different.
It's a power that forces the Ether
which flows through your body,
to rearrange itself.
Like a machine.
So I'm a mechanical sorcerer?!
[Happy]
What fantasy world are you living in?
[footsteps]
[Shiki] How can the people here survive
in the surface with all this going on?
[Rebecca] The truth is, they can't.
That's why their built
their nation underground instead.
[intriguing music playing]
Whoa!
[Shiki]
Look at all the humans underground!
-And whatever those things are.
-[chirping]
It can't be! I'm underground now, too!
We're all underground!
-[Rebecca sighs]
-Hey!
There's no bugs around here, are there?
That's enough. Let's go.
[footsteps]
[Shiki] Whoa.
[gasps]
[giggles]
Time to go see the professor!
[Happy] Professor!
[Rebecca] Anybody home?!
He hasn't opened our email yet.
Uh, Professor Weisz! It's me, Rebecca!
Huh?
[Happy] Professor!
[Shiki] Hmm.
[grunts]
-[Shiki] Wow!
-Professor, you hear?
It looks like he's not home.
Huh? Eh?
I wonder if something happened to him.
-[Happy] Wow!
-Hey, Shiki…
[Shiki] Whoa!
Do you even know what that does?
That thing could be dangerous!
-[Shiki whimpering]
-[male voice] Don't move.
-Huh?
-Who are you?
[man] I could ask you the same thing.
What do you two think
you're doing in my house?
Wait, what do you mean… your house?
This is the home of Professor Weisz.
[click]
-[shrieks]
-[man] Did you say professor?
Yeah, you know, Professor Weisz Steiner.
We came in here a few years back.
And he was able to save my life.
My name is Weisz Steiner.
And I've never seen
either of you in my life.
So quit yapping and fess up.
Huh?!
Ah!
Eh…
[Happy] What's going on?
Wow, he's a whole lot younger
than I thought he'd be!
Huh? Wait a minute.
[intriguing music playing]
[Shiki]
I thought you guys knew each other.
20,000 YEARS LATER
[robot 1] Did you find anything?
[robot 2]
I found the remains of two humans.
[robot 1] These look pretty old.
[robot 2] It's a man and a woman.
[robot 1]
Mother, please guide their souls.
To the blue paradise.
What's this?
I've never seen anything like that.
There's something written on it.
"Edens Zero."
[intense music builds]
"VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
A MAN NAMED WEISZ